Mommy look
This
What's going on here?
I'm going to the company to deal with something.
Take care of me, Doudou
Ah sorry
I was wrong, you are blind.
Ah, hot water pouring on me
The pain was killing me.
Jiang Xue, you are so hateful
This thing made me understand
He's not my real mommy.
Since then
I often run away from home to find my biological mother
Something tells me you're my real mommy.
Wait, you're suffering.
It's too late for a mommy to be good to her children
How could you bear to use such a ruthless hand?
I doubt it now
Is Jiang Xue your biological mother?
Mommy, you know what?
My dad is going to marry that bad woman
You mean Gu Zhenting wants to marry Jiang Xue?